Eliminate Task.task_all warning (#8263)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/8263.improvement.md

> Updated `asyncio.Task.all_tasks` to `asyncio.all_tasks`, with a fallback for python 3.6, which raises an AtributeError for `asyncio.all_tasks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `asyncio.Task.all_tasks` to `asyncio.all_tasks`, with a fallback for python 3.6, which raises an AttributeError for `asyncio.all_tasks`. This removes the deprecation warning for the `Task.all_tasks` usage.
```

> Updated ```asyncio.Task.all_tasks``` to ```asyncio.all_tasks```, with a fallback for python 3.6, which raises an AtributeError for ```asyncio.all_tasks```.

Reviewer: a single backtick is enough
```suggestion
Updated `asyncio.Task.all_tasks` to `asyncio.all_tasks`, with a fallback for python 3.6, which raises an AtributeError for `syncio.all_tasks`.
```
